== rails-templates

This is a collection of rails application templates that are designed to get a rails application with datamapper up and running quickly. Currently, these templates are only compatible with rails3.

If you have rails3 installed on your system, creating a datamapper app on rails3 is as easy as issuing one command.

  rails dm_rails3_app -m http://github.com/snusnu/rails-templates/raw/master/dm_rails_master.rb

If you don't have rails3 installed, the following should get you going.

  gem update --system # We need rubygems-1.3.6 for the command below to work
  gem install rails3b
  gem install rails --pre

That's it. Have fun!

== rspec support

Currently, {rspec-rails}[http:github.com/rspec/rspec-rails] isn't yet fully compatible with rails3 and not yet completely ORM agnostic. Preliminary support is available though.

== Developing and testing rails-templates

The project includes a Gemfile that contains one single line of code:

  gem 'sinatra', '~> 1.0a', :git => 'git://github.com/sinatra/sinatra.git'

This enables a complete development environment on top pf sinatra simply by running

  bundle install
  bundle exec ruby dev_server.rb

Once the dev server is running, use al local URL when testing the app generation. All files in the project directory are served by sinatra.

  rails dm_rails3_app -m http://localhost:4567/dm_rails_master.rb

The sinatra service simply replaces the github URLs with local ones, thus allowing to test the application template without constantly pushing fixes to github. This got annoying.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

Copyright (c) 2010 Martin Gamsjaeger (snusnu). See {LICENSE}[http://github.com/snusnu/rails-templates/blob/master/LICENSE] for details.